Update React Redux recipe to use custom render with wrapper (#424)
testing-library/testing-library-docs: docs/example-react-redux.md

        <h2>Counter</h2>
        <div>
          <button onClick={this.decrement}>-</button>

>           <h1>{this.props.count}</h1>

Reviewer: h1 after h2? Let's leave this alone.

Author: My bad, missed it sorry.. Will fix.

Author: @alexkrolick Fixed it, thanks..
Also refactored the class component to a functional one in the current time spirit :)

}
```

To test our connected component we can create a custom `render` function using
the `wrapper` option as explained in the
[setup](./react-testing-library/setup.md) page.  
Our custom `render` function can look like this:

```js
// test-utils.js
import React from 'react'
import { render as rtlRender } from '@testing-library/react'
import { createStore } from 'redux'
import { Provider } from 'react-redux'

function render(
  ui,
  {
    initialState,
    store = createStore(reducer, initialState),
    ...renderOptions
  } = {}
) {
  function Wrapper({ children }) {
    return <Provider store={store}>{children}</Provider>
  }
  return rtlRender(ui, { wrapper: Wrapper, ...renderOptions })
}
```

```jsx
// counter.test.js
import React from 'react'
import { createStore } from 'redux'
import { Provider } from 'react-redux'

> import { fireEvent, screen } from '@testing-library/react'
> // We're using our own custom render function and not RTL's render
> import { render } from './test-utils.js

Reviewer 2: In accordance with the setup suggestions, this should be:

```suggestion
// We're using our own custom render function and not RTL's render
// our custom utils also re-export everything from RTL
// so we can import fireEvent and screen here as well
import { render, fireEvent, screen } from './test-utils.js
```

Author: Updated it and also added the export to the `test-utils.js` file..
Thanks!
